KBDH Trope List

Prologue:
seizing the decorative ties of her sailor uniform's neckerchief and making for the door at top speed. - Necktie Leash
a knee-length tan greatcoat coalesced - Badass Longcoat
Beam saber - Laser Blade

Chapter 1:
Blah blah blah - Blah Blah Blah
flinging a fan of dozens of identical knives outward. - Flechette Storm
deletion has been scheduled in three hours, twenty one minutes, fifteen seconds; - Time Bomb
"There isn't enough milk in the world." - Gonna Need More Trope
"It is not necessary." - Face Death With Dignity
"I requested your presence for ... personal reasons," - Stay With Me Until I Die
John Smith - Trust Password
Probably almost as much as I'm annoyed by having to save past-me. - I Hate Past Me
But no brainwashing, that's not cool. - Heel Face Brainwashing
Kyon's obviously more trustworthy as a vice commander, since you already report to him anyway. - Rank Up
"'No she can't'," he quoted the first line of the note, scrawled hastily in his own handwriting. - The Tape Knew You Would Say That

Chapter 2:
a smaller first-year student wailing an apology before her compact form slammed into Kyon, - Crash into Hello
Oh! Sempai! - Sempai Kohai
"I was ... kidding," - I Was Just Kidding
Please never clarify that last remark to me, - Too Much Information
Mikuru stuck her tongue out and mimed a blow to her own head. - "Silly Me" Gesture

Chapter 3:
"P...please get your face out of my chest!" - Marshmallow Hell
And I'm still trying to find my way home. - You Can't Go Home Again
Koizumi, where's the armband? - Red Armband of Leadership
"But, please, call me Kanae-chan." - Insisent Terminology
But more and more, this 'power' I've got really seems to suck! - Blessed with Suck
On Michikyuu Kanae's home world, when she was ten years old, a cataclysm had torn a hole in the sky. - Doomed Hometown
in the end, he always listened, and because of that, across countless worlds, Sempai was Sempai. - In Spite of a Nail
Mikuru wearing nothing more than a towel about her midsection, and another wrapped around her head, seeming fresh out of the shower, and Kanae, sprawled on the floor near Nagato's table in pajamas and snoring contently. - Inconvenient Summons
With the help of the dimensional anchor, Michikyuu Kanae's ability to slide, and Asahina Mikuru's ability to traverse time, - Year Inside, Hour Outside
I will attempt to create a sealed alternate reality where my error can be expressed without causing any damage to the reality we currently dwell in. - Pocket Dimension